♪♪♪
(INDISTINCT CHATTERS)
- JODIE: I feel like
everyone is looking at us.
- RYAN: That's not just the feeling.
Everyone is looking at us.
- JODIE: This dress sucks.
I knew I should've worn something else.
- RYAN: Dress is perfect.
You look great.
But the most important thing...
Act natural.
If anyone speaks to you, just smile.
- JODIE: So do you want me to act natural
or do you want me to smile?
- RYAN: (CHUCKLES)
I didn't know you have a sense of humour.
- JODIE: Only when I'm scared to death.
- MAN: Ryan. I'm delighted
you could attend.
- RYAN: Oh, it's a pleasure, Sheik Ahmad.
I, uh, would like you
to meet my assistant, Elizabeth.
- AHMAD: I was unaware that American diplomacy
was undertaken such disarming charm.
The pleasure is mine, Elizabeth.
- RYAN: Gentlemen,
I give you back your host.
We'll talk later, Ahmad.
- AHMAD: Until then, Ryan.
- RYAN: He hates me.
The whole time he's imagining
my head on a stick.
I think he found you charming.
- JODIE: I should be flattered.
- RYAN: I'm gonna shake some hands.
Blend in and find somewhere quiet.
You know what you have to do.
Ambassador!
You're a sight for sore eyes.
- JODIE: I need to find a quiet place.
(MUSIC STOPS)
♪♪♪
- WOMAN: (SPEAKING IN ARABIC)
- JODIE: Aiden. Aiden, are you ready?
(AIDEN RESPONDS)
There's a large painting
in one of the rooms upstairs.
Behind it is a safe.
The documents we're looking for
are inside.
But there're guards and cameras
so you have to be careful, you got it?
(AIDEN RESPONDS)
Hurry Aiden!
It hurts like hell
when you're too far away.
An office, with a portrait of the Sheik.
This is the place.
Crap.
You gotta distract the guard first.
- GUARD: (SPEAKING IN ARABIC)
- JODIE: Okay.
Nobody would monitor the main office now.
We should be safe.
There's gotta be a switch somewhere.
To move the painting.
Find it, Aiden.
Now it's safe, we can open the safe.
Good job.
Now we have to read the documents.
Make it quick.
I can't hold on much longer.
Okay, now don't move.
- GUARD: (SPEAKING IN ARABIC)
(SPEAKING IN ARABIC)
- WOMAN: (SPEAKING IN ARABIC)
(BOTH SPEAKING IN ARABIC)
- WOMAN: (IN ENGLISH)
Sorry.
I can't do anything to help you.
Good luck.
- JODIE:(PANTING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
- RYAN: Jodie, you alright?
- JODIE: Don't touch me!
I wanna go now.
- RYAN: Right, we're leaving.